01/57
the test is over. tomorrow is the start of the holidays,
don't cut loose too much.
okay, dismissed.

holidays, huh...
I guess I'll go online or play some games.
hey

who was it that wanted to go to karaoke again?
me, miki and then...
is it all right if i join in?

ugh, shut up! foolish boys and girls. how many times do you really need to go to karaoke?

a bunch of idiots from class having a singing gettogether? I'm so~ happy for all of you.

02/58
all right! I'm going to sing some akb!
I'm sure they'll say something like that.I'M already getting sick.

Then It'll be that of course during that time they'll start paying kings or something.
and switch from doing nice things to perverted things in that enclosed room...

oops! my mike down there has tarted to howl! don't mess with me!
aah! my speaker is starting to sound good how annoying!!

i wanna go home.

03/59
come to thing of it, ever since i became a high school student, i haven't done anything like wandering about after school.
looks good...

I want to enjoy wandering about, doing various things like other high-school girls, but...
crepes, clothing shops, arcades, karaoke... doing those things alone is pretty difficult..

if only there was some place that someone like me could easily enjoy...
huh!?

welcome!
we have it-
-come!
-come!

04/60
if you want to sell books, book of!

here ic an read books as a solo player (all by myself) without fear

but, even though it's the weekday, what's with this huge number of people?
dates?

quit slacking off and properly stand guard at home or something geez...
well this place with nothing but people who are below me isn't so bad.
sorry! did you wait?

05/61
you're so late! i was bored so i ended up in this kind of place reading books and waiting for you.
sorry! look, i'll treat you to something.

well then, let's get going.

06/62
thank you very much!
wel-
welcome!
we have it!
-have it!

just as i thought, 20 books was a bit much...
my legs are at their limit...

i want to rest somewhere but...

welcome!
what would you like to order?

07/63
ye-ye-yes um... i...i'l.... I'll be eating here...
there's nothing to be shy about! nowadays, a high-school girl should be able to walk into a fastfood place...
your order, please!

ah, ham...
a hamburger...

would you like it as a set?

uh,, yeah um, with water,or... uh, um...
excuse me?
augh!
no, um, never mind!

i... i see, there are tons of people who come here by themselves.

08/64
so good!?
i haven't had anything like a hamburger since elementary school, but were they always this delicious?
even though i though this was food for only kids or idiots...!

whew!

in one way or another, even if i'm by myself it's pretty fun, isn't it...
of course, it'd e more fun together with some friends or boys, though...
well how should i put it... that's something which starts now right?

09/65
man, i sang so much!
huh, did someone go home? wasn't it 8 people?

oh everyone can sit down here.
ah... are those the kids from class!?

why are they here!?
don't tell me they're on the way back from karaoke...?

if they notice my presence....
isn't that the girl from our class?
that girl is always by herself isn't she. she's by herself even in this place, that's kind of sad!
i'll definitely be made into a conversation topic!!

10/66
i've got to get out of here before i'm found!

but, to get out of here means i've got to go down those stairs...
dark: class girl; light: class guy

i have to do something quick, it i stay here i'll get discovered by someone coming back from the bathroom.

hm?
bathroom?

i can't believe i'd end up looking like this again...
but, all that's left is to change my face and then...!!

11/67
and then....

what is it?
nothing.... that's our high-school uniform so..

someone you know? don't know her.
yes!

12/68
what is she doing, this idiot...!?

what are you doing standing around here, let's go, hurry up.
yeah...

...heh
what?

nothing there was just some really ugly girl, that one just now.

13/69
tomosa, you saw her too, right?
n..no, i didn't see anyone so..

what a waste. in a way, she's kind of rare you know.

14/70
let's go home... and don't wander off on you own
... yeah.




