01
what is this girl doing so late at night?!

It's not my fault i'm not popular!
mourning 6: i'll game because i'm not popular
as i though, this...

it has the same mannerisms as an otome game but
i can't throw it away just yet...

good morning...
good morning

02
oh?
what is it?

normally you look so sleepy in the mornings, but you're pretty energetic today
?

i wonder if something good happened?
this weiner... it reminds me of that scene from that game last nigh...

but just as the reviews said, that game was pretty erotic...
gourei

03
what the?!

what's this? somehow i get the feeling that i look really cute...?
come to think of it, this is the first time i'm looking at myself today...

my eyes are alls sparkly and the circles are all gone!!

04
you know
seriously?

don't you think it's a pain to wear mascara at school?
yeah i know what you mean
stealthy

doon't do your makeup at school every day dammnit
but i really look pretty today

why on earth...
hey, does miho really have a boyfriend?
yeah, it was kind of sudden don't you think

but really, you look more beautiful when you  have a boyfriend
even though you said that boys are just annoying and a pain

no way

05
it looks like the kind of magazine stupid girls would read...

the girls that are beautiful and charming and loved by boys all emit high levels of estrogen
estrogen is emitted when you sweat
your proportions tend to go up and your body becomes more desirable

06
and do you know when your estrogen goes up the most?
when you're having sex
in other words if you want to become beatuiful, have more sex
eventually you'll become a beatuiful woman

the reason why i became prettier is because...

i was so aroused when i was playing that otome game!
because i was emitting this hormone, i got prettier!!

07
in other words
másszóval

if i keep on playing these games each day, i'll start to look prettier

now that i think about it, back when i was in middle school and i was still playing these games, i was pretty well liked...
we're changing seats so please pick a spot
back when she was popular
ah, yes!

what should i do

i'll over produce hormones
my breasts will get larger
i'll start looking hot
m ybody will smell like flowers...

08
the next morning
holy crap, she looks so filthy...!

what happened? did she swim in oil or somethin...?

09
what's he looking at?

that starte...?! he's not looking at me as his sister, but as a woman!!
even though it's morning, he looks like some kind of night pervert!!

just by playing that game all night, i'm already at the level where my brother lusts after me...
both my face and my hair are shiny...

sorry, but thanks to that h-game you're no longer in my league... sorry but... you're not good enough for me...

sorry
she's apologizing? i don't even know what's going on anymore!!

but, if i keep on acting like i am, i won't get any prettier
i'm just a little worried

10
a few days later
nanako: you can't do that....!!
*néhány nappal később
*hanako: ezt nem szabad...!!

11
as ecpected, i got tired of that game after playing it so much...

i always just say the same thinkgs, and do the sam e things over and over

just like how the tides come and go, i keep on repeating the same things every day

as i though, if i want to become a better woman
i have to go out and fall in love with actual people

what is she on about...
maybe she's an idiot...
